docs: mention Oz OSS credits form in README (#9580)
warpdotdev/Warp: README.md

Warp's client codebase is open source and lives in this repository. We welcome community contributions and have designed a lightweight workflow to help new contributors get started. For the full contribution flow, read our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) guide.

> > [!TIP]

Reviewer: We might want to link to the oz-for-oss repo here. @bholmesdev added some content in the README to explain how credits can be used with the workflow.

> > Maintain another open source project? [Apply for free Oz credits](https://tally.so/r/LZWxqG) to bring agentic workflows like issue triage, PR review, and community management to your repo.

Author: ```suggestion
> Maintaining a popular open-source project? [Apply for Oz credits](https://tally.so/r/LZWxqG) to bring agentic workflows like issue triage, PR review, and community management to your repo.
```
